Welcome, in this video, we're going to associate a previous commit with an existing issue.
In one of the previous videos, we updated our project, and then closed an issue;
however, there's no association between the work we did and the issue.
You just have to assume the work actually got done, or you have to do your own research.
Let's look and see; let's go to issues, then click on closed,
because the issue I want to look at is already closed.
The issue I want to look at is "#3": "Add Getting Started section to README".
There currently isn't any association between the work that was related to this issue,
and a particular commit that was involved with the work. So, let's solve that.
Let's click on "website", click on "commits", and we know the commit
that has "Adding Getting Started section to README"
is the commit that's associated with that issue, so click on that commit.
Then, let's scroll down; and the easiest way to associate this commit
with that particular issue is to simply mention it in a comment.
Now, if I type the pound or hash mark, I have a list of
pull requests and issues that are available to me.
I can continue by typing "3", or I can select issue "#3", then I finish my comment.
Once I'm happy with it, click on "Comment on this commit".
Great, now let's go check it out, click on "Issues", go to "Closed";
click on issue "#3", and let's scroll down,
and you see we have an association to that particular commit.
And, if we click on the commit id, we return to the commit that was associated
with doing that work for that issue, and we can even see what happened.
It's also important to note, if you have multiple commits involved,
you don't have to use close to close the issue.
You can simply reference the issue id without closing it,
and it will associate any of those commits with that particular issue.